Welcome back to a new video
I already had in the previous one
video already showed how to get the sky live
disable applications in the explorer
this video was for windows 8
Windows 8.1 for both versions as the
pro and the normal version there I have
but many users wrote that
that did not work for them
Unfortunately, I can not understand at
it worked for me i have it too
tried again as you can see
my skydrive does not exist
That's why I've looked if it
then there is a second way and yes
there is because it wants to show you today
but only works under
Windows 8 or 8.1 per so who the
normal version I have to unfortunately
There is only disappointment for this
One way the link is just one
description maybe works yes
with you as I said I show you
Now in the second way I would say
Let's go first you have windows and
rather press and then just gp edith
enter point msc
confirm with enter and then you come
here in the editor for local
group guidelines and there is
The hook is only available in the pro
version of windows 8 or 8.1 there must
you then configured here on computer
computer configuration administrative
templates then windows components and
then under skydrive here and now
can one on the use of
skydrive for data storage finer
double-click
I have already activated this here
Normally you are not
configures that means you have to
this skydrive folder group still be
if I set the whole on activated sentences
just removed this folder group
and skydrive will not be more than
standard program for storage
so my data activates that
whole could then just activate here
click ok and then it is after one
reboot or after a logoff this
skydrive already gone yes that was it too
I hope this works
So under the pro-version you have to
definitely work because too
there is only this one here
group policy editor and if that
Not
unfortunately I do not know now
know more, then it is really one
strong piece I already have that
spy on other pcs has it too
That's why it works everywhere
I'm surprised that but okay me
I hope I help with the video now
continue and until then